So checking if something is true in your script is pretty useful, but in order for it to be a little
more versatile, it should know what to do if something is not true.
So that's where, if/else statements come in.
So this just kind of expands upon your if statement.
So once--here, instead of just ending it with 'fi', you'll have another line that says 'else' and then you put two
spaces in there and say so if the variable name is not a file, the else condition will say it's not
a file.
So that's really all there is to adding some extra logic to your thing.
So right now, this is--this else statement will never get reached because we already know that this is a
file, but let's run it anyway and see what happens.
Yep, so you can actually do a 'bash -x' to get some output and see that it does test for it still.
So it's checking--so that's checking--the file names match,  That checks if it's a file and then it just
is done because that else statement doesn't get checked.